Docs: improve backup section (#4290)
FreshRSS/FreshRSS: docs/en/admins/05_Backup.md

# Backup

> FreshRSS global settings are in `./data/config.php` and users' settings are in `./data/users/*/config.php`. You can also backup the whole `./data/` directory but exclude the things you do not want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FreshRSS global settings are in `./data/config.php` and users' settings are in `./data/users/*/config.php`. You can also back up the whole `./data/` directory but exclude the things you do not want.
```

> If you use extensions, than in each directory in `./extensions` the folder `static` contains the user extensions settings.

Reviewer: I think this is what's intended? Not 100% sure without checking though.
```suggestion
If you use extensions, then each directory in `./extensions` the folder `static` contains the user's extension settings.
```

## Full-Installation Backup

Do this before an upgrade.

> This following tutorial demonstrates commands for backing up FreshRSS. It assumes that your main FreshRSS directory is `/usr/share/FreshRSS`; If you’ve installed it somewhere else, substitute your path as necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This following tutorial demonstrates commands for backing up FreshRSS. It assumes that your main FreshRSS directory is `/usr/share/FreshRSS`. If you’ve installed it somewhere else, substitute your path as necessary.
```

You can export your feed list in OPML format either from the web interface, or from the [Command-Line Interface](https://github.com/FreshRSS/FreshRSS/blob/edge/cli/README.md).

The OPML export only exports the standard OPML parameters and does not export things such as desired refresh frequency, custom attributes such as passwords, user agent, XPath Web scraping, etc.

> To export all that, use a full back-up with export-to-sqlite, as in following sectiong is described.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To export all that, use a full back-up with export-to-sqlite, as described in the following section.
```
